CMake/CTest: Opt-in Disable Signal Handling (#5550)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: CMakeLists.txt

option(WarpX_QED_TOOLS     "Build external tool to generate QED lookup tables (requires PICSAR and Boost)"
                                                                        OFF)

# Advanced option to run tests
option(WarpX_TEST_CLEANUP "Clean up test directories (for CI)" OFF)
option(WarpX_TEST_DEBUGGER "Run tests without AMReX signal handling (to attach debuggers)" OFF)
option(WarpX_TEST_FPETRAP "Run tests with FPE-trapping runtime parameters (for CI)" OFF)
mark_as_advanced(WarpX_TEST_CLEANUP)
mark_as_advanced(WarpX_TEST_DEBUGGER)
mark_as_advanced(WarpX_TEST_FPETRAP)

# Advanced option to run CI tests with the -g compile option

> option(WarpX_TEST_DEBUG "Compile tests with -g1 for symbols (for CI)" OFF)

Reviewer: @ax3l 

Would you like to rename `WarpX_TEST_DEBUG` in this PR or in a separate one? If you would like to do it in this PR, feel free to let me know if you want me to do the change (after discussing the new name with you, of course), in case you have other more important stuff on your plate.

Reviewer: Based on the docs at https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Debugging-Options.html, maybe we could rename this simply `WarpX_TEST_DEBUG_INFO`, more verbose but less generic than `WarpX_TEST_DEBUG`?

Author: How about `WarpX_TEST_DEBUG_SYMBOLS`?

Technically, it is even `WarpX_DEBUG_SYMBOLS`.

Author: Maybe `WarpX_MINIMAL_DEBUG_SYMBOLS` or `WarpX_BACKTRACE_INFO`?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2054fab3-1734-4cfc-935d-7088cc4eace1)

option(WarpX_QED_TOOLS     "Build external tool to generate QED lookup tables (requires PICSAR and Boost)"
                                                                        OFF)

# Advanced option to run tests

> option(WarpX_TEST_CLEANUP "Clean up test directories (for CI)" OFF)
> option(WarpX_TEST_DEBUGGER "Run tests without AMReX signal handling (to attach debuggers)" OFF)
> option(WarpX_TEST_FPETRAP "Run tests with FPE-trapping runtime parameters (for CI)" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(WarpX_TEST_CLEANUP "Clean up automated test directories" OFF)
option(WarpX_TEST_DEBUGGER "Run automated tests without AMReX signal handling (to attach debuggers)" OFF)
option(WarpX_TEST_FPETRAP "Run automated tests with FPE-trapping runtime parameters" OFF)
```

mark_as_advanced(WarpX_TEST_CLEANUP)
mark_as_advanced(WarpX_TEST_DEBUGGER)
mark_as_advanced(WarpX_TEST_FPETRAP)

# Advanced option to compile with the -g1 option for minimal debug symbols
# (useful to see, e.g., line numbers in backtraces)

> option(WarpX_BACKTRACE_INFO "Compile tests with -g1 for debug symbols" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(WarpX_BACKTRACE_INFO "Compile with -g1 for minimal debug symbols (currently used in CI tests)" OFF)
```
